Hi, Thank you for your visiting my profile.

For 12 years, I've been delivering top-tier websites and applications across both web and mobile realms.

I have a rare amalgamation of skills among developers, allowing me to deliver both technical excellence and pixel-perfect standards.

My clients typically want the best, and as you can from my feedback, they get it. I've worked with everyone from solopreneurs to conglomerates, Bloomberg and Uber UK, to name but a few, consistently delivering to the highest levels of satisfaction.

Whether your project is destined to be the next big thing or in need of recovery from the brink of disaster, I can provide the commitment and expertise you need to achieve your goals.

Highlights:

✅ Full-stack development with the ability to take projects independently from concept to market.
✅ Pixel perfect design implementations (commonly from Figma/Sketch/XD/PSD).
✅ Excel in the area of project management and can assist in the formation of optimal workflows.
✅ UK native with excellent communication ability textually, verbally, or in-person.
✅ Educated to Masters (MSc) level and previoulsy held senior agency roles, including Technical Director.
✅ Maintained a consistent 100% "Job Success" rate for 3 years.
✅ A long-term partner who you can always rely on.

Favoured technologies:

⚡️Front-End: React, TypeScript, Angular, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript.
⚡️ Common Libraries: Bootstrap, Material UI, Ant Design, Semantic UI, jQuery,
⚡️BaaS: Firebase
⚡️Back-End: Node.js, PHP, Laravel,
⚡️Database: MySQL, SQLite, SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, DynamoDB
⚡️Wordpress: ACF, WooCommerce, custom themes, custom plugins, and almost everything else.
⚡️ Infrastructure: AWS, Azure, Cloudflare, Docker Non-Development Skills:
⚡️System design and architecture
⚡️ Essentials: Trello, Slack, JIRA.
⚡️SEO
⚡️Project/Product Management: "Lean Startup" Methodology, Consultancy and Product Creation
⚡️Handoff: Marvel, Zeplin, Figma
⚡️Testing: Usability, QA, Functional, Interface, Compatibility, Integration, Load, Penetration.
⚡️ Data Collection: Google Analytics, Flurry, Kissmetrics
⚡️ Version Control: BitBucket, GitHub, Gitlab, GitKraken, SVN


Thanks 
All the best