Hi

How do you explain to your, 70-plus-non-techy, prospect that his so-called "coin" isn't really stored in his wallet? Even more, how do you tell him, this so-called digital-cash, actually, exists on some unregulated blockchain, as Unspent Transaction Outputs, which are, just digits? How do you do all this without getting him all defensive, or getting a bunch of sarcastic questions in return?

Whether its an ICO whitepaper, a blockchain-related blog post, a token sales pitch deck, or when trying to explain the blockchain to your 80-year-old uncle, a vaguely written blockchain content is as bad as DAPP with an unfriendly U.I. An, even more, unfortunate challenge is all of the so-called articles, whitepapers, explainer videos, which erroneously attempt to explain how the blockchain works.

Having worked with several clients ranging from blockchain startups, blog owners and so on, the challenges cited above are some of the biggest... when trying to write a converting ICO whitepaper, a token sales newsletter, an easy-to-understand FAQ article, and several others.

As a technical writer and copywriter in the blockchain industry, I have learned through trial-and-error what readers enjoy and understand and more importantly ‘WHAT SELLS.’

MY BLOCKCHAIN HISTORY
I have been an IT technical writer and copywriter for 3+ years. However, I came into the blockchain space in the spring of 2016. Also, my entrance into this space was entirely unofficial and somewhat accidental. I came in doing occasional signature campaign tasks on Bitc**ntalk.

Fortunately, my beginner level computing and programming background accelerated my learning process. And so, sometimes in mid-2016, I had my first crypto writing job, which was to do a web copy for a cryptocurrency casino, now cryptogames.net. This was my metaphoric initiation into the blockchain industry as a writer and researcher.

MY PERSONAL JOB EXPERIENCES
Over the years, I have had the privilege to work with popular gaming sites, coin tumbling site, exchanges, crypto blogs, blockchain startups in their ICO phase, and more. More specifically, my job specification includes developing whitepapers and web copies for these companies, writing PRs, writing coin, ICO, and exchange reviews, social media promotion pieces, and many more.

Some of the companies I have worked with are Cryptogames, Coinmixer, Vantum gold, Humancoin, Bitcrore, Vidstreams, Crypto core media, and several others.

I will love to hear about what it is you have coming. And I am quite sure you will learn a lot from my experience: first as a writer, but more importantly as a salesman who understands the technical gist and complex gears of the blockchain technology and crypto market. I will be expecting a reply from you


Regards